c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.exe.config
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.exe
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Config.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Config.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.g.resources
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.exe
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\wpfShowStock.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\wpfShowStock.baml
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.exe.config
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.exe
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Stocks.pdb
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Config.dll
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Config.pdb
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\wpfShowStock.g.cs
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\wpfShowStock.baml
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.g.resources
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.exe
C:\Users\TIAGO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stocks\Stocks\obj\Debug\Stocks.pdb
